# HealthicoHelper
A program that can make the time spent by a person at a computer safer for his health.
Nowadays, many people suffer from health problems caused not only by frequent use of the computer, but also with the wrong landing behind it. Vision problems are quite common among gadget lovers, but there may also be problems with the spine and the human support system as a whole, which can later lead to serious illnesses. Also, an incorrect landing at the computer causes pain in the back, head, neck and lower back, stiffness of the limbs and generally worsens a person's well-being. The Healthico program will work as a recommendation system, as well as take part in improving the internal conditions for working and relaxing at the computer. 
Its main goal will be to make the time spent by a person at a computer safer for his body by directly affecting his work and rest (reducing the brightness of the screen with a change in the time of day, automatically pausing the video during a long viewing in order to take a person out of “focus” and remind him of the necessary rest for the eyes, a suggestion to switch to reading mode when studying huge texts, etc.) and indirect (useful tips on changing the screen settings and your real workplace).
While using the program, a person may encounter a problem: the program may simply get bored with him due to constant interference in his activities, and in the end it will simply be disabled by an unsatisfied user. The solution to the problem is for a person to be able to choose the degree of control of the program that suits him, because it is better to help his body at least a little than not to do it at all.
